When you're on a navy base, almost all of the major items are covered.
Um, between the any X, the navy exchange and the commissary. The commissary
is really cheap, and it has most of the main foods. The any
X has a range of, uh, cheaper clothes. Thio more expensive clothes,
but they're not going. Thio tend to have local items. So, for instance,
when you're in Japan, um, all of the delicious items, like a yakitori
and sake, you know, things like like that we're outside off the
off the base. Um, also, like, very, very expensive items. So, like
the newest Jordans or a necks pensive skateboard aren't gonna be,
um, at the at the base. Uh, the index and the commissary has the basic
items. So, like big and tall items, um, expensive items, um, unique
items, local items. They're all gonna be found outside of base